Suddenly Mark Vision were mentioned in
CHBT and Gemini definitely saw a lot
more demo requests after the first six
weeks.
>> What would you say it was that made you
to decide to partner with us
>> with you guys? It was a very easy pack.
So it was you'll get this and the
strategy was pretty much discussed
before even signing the contract. It's
like that you're offering a lot of
thought leadership and breaking down
quick wins that you can make in SEO in
your content and then making it not
sound as complicated. I think what you
guys offer is very quick service from
the get- go. You know which is work and
you know which is not. You're students
of your own game, which is always a good
thing.
>> Hey Luke, could you quickly introduce
yourself and a brief summary of what
your company does?
>> Yeah, so I'm the growth marketer at uh
Markvision. It's a legal tech company in
brand protection space. We work in
America and and Korea and now Europe
with the Paris office and London office
and I've worked in tech marketing for
about 5 years and before that I was in
tech sales as well for different SAS
companies between 0 to 50 million
revenue.
>> Awesome. Could you describe what SEO
ranking on AI search looked like for the
business before you started working with
breaking B2B?
>> So the website the best results on SEO
and actually the Korean version website
and in South Korea it was a bit
different in terms of visibility
companies like uh Naval and and other
ones rather than Google. So they never
made a huge effort on that side. So we
didn't have any AI visibility when I
joined and in terms of what we were
trying to achieve with different product
names and etc. We weren't ranking very
high for the keywords against
competitors especially being a newer
company as well like um there was a few
legacy players that were way ahead of
us.
>> Gotcha. What would you say are some of
the challenges that you were facing
around these things back then?
>> I think it was wanting to do very very
cool thought leadership pieces within a
company but not getting the basics of
SEO against competitors which was
necessary. the challenges were to look
like a dirty play but isn't is sort of
to go back to basis of comparing against
competitors what keywords they're
ranking for and trying to be on that
level as well as the extra stuff that we
we wanted to do. What would you say were
some of the hesitations that you might
have had about working with us? Don't
feel yet you need to hold anything back.
Be as brutal as as you feel.
>> I think when you've got a SAS company
with let's say doing very well with
dreams of grandeur, I think a lot of the
vendors that these companies tend to go
for is really established and large
agencies. So I think the fact that you
guys are very agile, I think it's a word
we can use. Uh that was probably the
biggest hurdle in terms of you know was
not a huge huge name or brand behind
your your agency. But that was also a
plus as well in my eyes because I knew
we'd get more exposure to the likes of
you rather than just being passed on to
like an account manager in another
country and everything outsourced.
>> No, I appreciate that. On the flip side,
what would you say it was that made you
to decide to partner with us?
>> Well, as we spoke in that video a while
back, but the fact that you're offering
a lot of thought, leadership, and sort
of breaking down the quick wins that you
can make in SEO in your content, and
then making it not sound as complicated
to be able to get those quick wins, I
think that was a that was a big part of
it. And yeah, just showing like uh from
a bottom of funnel strategy straight
away. So a lot of SEO agencies might
spend a month of the contract when
you're tied in of just saying we're
going to do a strategy whereas you guys
straight away said we're going to do
this, this and this in the first week
and then provided pretty quick wins. So
I would say I think that's the big
difference between when you go for a
major player, you usually speak to a big
account manager that manages the thing,
manages the contracts and then they go
right in the strategist this break down
how many hours and you pay extra hours
for everything. Whereas with you guys,
it was a very easy pack. So it was
you'll get this and the strategy was
pretty much discussed before even
signing the contracts. I guess that's
the benefit you guys have of being
hands-on.
>> Oh, I appreciate it. How would you say
your results from both SEO and AI search
have changed since working with breaking
B2B?
>> Definitely saw a lot more demo requests
after the first 6 weeks in UK that
happened and it was everyone sort of
where did they come from? Well, I could
see it on the blog post and etc. that
happened and let's say the win
internally which I think is a big topic
now is like AI visibility just the idea
of putting these listicles together and
then seeing that suddenly mark vision
were mentioned in chatbt and Gemini was
a big win as well I think that's
something on everybody's lips and that
happened pretty quickly just from you
know the bare basics of doing good SEO
>> I appreciate that what would you say is
the most valuable component of the
service that we provided
>> the valuable is the being nimble to say
this would work better now even if it
was a piece of content that worked and
then to look back on go actually we
should add this like refresh refresh
that content etc. That was pretty good
being pretty flexible cuz Mark Vision
has different products. I remember
saying, "Oh, now we've got this new
product launch." So, suddenly that moved
and that was a good thing. If you pay
for a month of strategy, then things
keep changing. What was the point?
Because you guys are really nimble with
that. And definitely I would say sort of
the hands-on advice as well apart from
that. So, if I want I remember giving
you a call and saying, "Hey, what do you
think about this new thing that's coming
out on SEO?" And you give me a breakdown
on how that would work or how do you get
your back links? And you would just tell
me directly. There was no it was a good
transparency element there. Wish I
definitely enjoy working with you for
that.
>> I appreciate it. If there's anyone
tuning in, watching this who's maybe on
the fence evaluating us perhaps against
a couple other agencies, what would you
say to that person that's maybe sitting
on the fence about working with us?
>> Look, there's so many agencies. I've
spoken to dozens and dozens over the
last 2 years cuz you have to go through
checks and internally to get through
procurement, etc. I think what you guys
offer is very quick service from the
get- go. So, the fact that you could
even let us test and then and obviously
we've gur contracts, but the fact that
you could offer this flexibility and a
quick win is always worth just trying it
because you don't want to be locked into
other agencies and and not know what
you're getting.
>> Cool. Last of all, is there any final
thoughts that you'd like to share with
anyone tuning in and watching this?
>> Yeah. I think what I like about what you
guys are doing, Sam, is that you guys
are obsessed with the trends in SEO and
you're not scared to jump on the trend
if it's not something that's worth it.
And I think you'll see a lot of
information out there on LinkedIn about
this is the new SEO or this is whatever.
I mean you say SEO is dead sort of jokes
on on the thing, but it's actually true,
right? You know which is work and you
know which is not. You're students of
your own game, which is always a good
thing.
>> Yeah, we like to practice what we preach
if we can when it comes to organic
search and AI search. But no, really
appreciate it, man. Thanks for breaking
it all down. Thanks for taking the time
to
>> Thank you, Sam.
>> Come on here and give a short interview.
>> Yeah, thanks Sam. Yep. Cheers. And if
you want to start driving organic demos,
signups, or booked calls as quick as 90
days from SEO and AEO, just like we did
for Luke, why not grab a call with me
over at breakingb2b.com? We can chat
through exactly where you're at now,
where you'd like to get to, and see if
we're a good fit to start driving
results through SEO. That's breaking.com
or hit the link in the description
below. See you soon. J.